This is the Micrologic N-O-C.
p02
One board, watching every customer we support, all at once.
p03
Tech support and customer success both live here.
p04
A tenant's own Command Center covers a single operator;
p05
this one sits above all of them, so you catch trouble before the phone even rings.
p06
Look at the top strip.
p07
A red count of the customers in critical shape right now.
p08
A live badge, and a note that it just refreshed.
p09
That matters: the board updates itself, so you are never staring at stale numbers.
p10
And the search box up here is scoped to this screen, to customers, locations, and incidents.
p11
Under the header, three tabs: all customers, enterprise, general.
p12
All customers is the whole book.
p13
The other two split it by tier, enterprise on one side, general on the other.
p14
It is the same instinct as the location scope you already know.
p15
They aim the board, and they touch nothing underneath.
p16
Tap Enterprise.
p17
Everything tightens to that tier: the counts, the map, the feed.
p18
Tap All Customers and the whole network snaps back.
p19
It is a filter on your view, nothing deeper, and it undoes itself in a single click.
p20
Beside the filters, three small counts.
p21
Critical, warning, healthy.
p22
That is the room in one glance, how many customers sit in each band this minute.
p23
When the critical number climbs, that is your first signal to slow down and look closer,
p24
before you have opened a single account.
p25
Now the saved views.
p26
All Accounts is everything.
p27
Enterprise Critical and Needs Attention
p28
drag the board straight to what deserves your eyes first.
p29
Reach for Needs Attention when you walk in cold and want the short list,
p30
then drop back to All Accounts.
p31
View only, same as the filters.
p32
Across the top, five cards.
p33
Customers, critical, warning, healthy, and average S-L-A.
p34
The first four sort your accounts by health.
p35
The last one is the service level for the whole board,
p36
a single clean number you can quote in a morning stand-up without opening anything else.
p37
Read the small print under each count.
p38
Every card splits enterprise against general.
p39
So a card never just tells you how many.
p40
It tells you which tier is carrying the weight,
p41
and that split is exactly where you decide who gets the first call.
p42
The average S-L-A card earns a second look.
p43
It reads just over ninety-seven percent, with the day-over-day drift right beneath it.
p44
A down arrow is a quiet alarm.
p45
Attainment slipped since yesterday,
p46
and on this board that is worth chasing down before it grows.
p47
Drop to Network Coverage.
p48
Every supported site on one map, painted by health: green, amber, red.
p49
The header counts the customers, the locations, and the states behind them.
p50
This is the shape of the whole network in a single picture,
p51
and it is where a regional pattern jumps out at you.
p52
The map is live under your cursor.
p53
Plus and minus zoom, the arrows go full screen,
p54
and the numbered bubbles group nearby sites by their worst case.
p55
Click a state or a cluster and it drops you into that region, without ever leaving the board.
p56
Swing to the feed on the right.
p57
Three tabs: incidents, locations, customers, each with a live count.
p58
Incidents is the default, and the one you live in during a shift.
p59
The other two re-cut the same trouble by site and by account,
p60
for when you want a different angle on it.
p61
The feed stacks by severity.
p62
Critical up top, then warning, then info and monitoring, each with its own tally.
p63
Hold onto one thing here: these count incidents, while the cards up top count customers.
p64
Two different denominators, so the numbers will not always line up, and that is fine.
p65
Now read one row.
p66
The customer, its tier, the headline of what broke, a tag for the kind of failure,
p67
an owner or a status, and how long it has been running.
p68
That last part matters most.
p69
An old, unassigned critical is the one that should bother you.
p70
Read it here; you work it somewhere else.
p71
So that is the cockpit.
p72
Filters and saved views aim it.
p73
The cards and the map give you the shape at a glance.
p74
The feed tells you what is broken and who has it.
p75
Nothing here changes a thing.
p76
You spot it on this board,
p77
then open the customer, the ticket, or the alert somewhere else to fix it.
p78
Learn this screen well, because on a busy day it is the first thing you open.